Terms of License (LeddarTM Arduino Library) :

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to the User and any person
obtaining a copy of this Software and associated documentation files, to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
under the condition that the following notice is included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software:

“The LeddarTM Arduino Library is licensed under the terms of the MIT License,
as is without any warranty. Copyright©LeddarTech, Inc. 2014”

The SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO USER ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AND WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. LeddarTech expressly disclaims all representations,
warranties, guarantees and conditions of any kind, express or implied, including
without limitation representations, warranties, guarantees and/or conditions as
to uninterrupted or error-free service, accessibility, security,
merchantability, non-infringement of third party rights, quality or fitness for
a particular purpose and those arising by statue or otherwise, or from a course
of dealing or usage or trade.

This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted, construed and enforced in
accordance with the Provincial and Federal laws applicable in the Province of
Québec, Canada, which laws shall apply and bind the parties for any matter
relating thereto. Without limitation, this Agreement excludes any conflict of
laws or principle that might refer the governance or construction of this
Agreement to the laws of another jurisdiction. All matters or claims relating
hereto shall be submitted to the court of the appropriate jurisdiction in the
judicial district of Quebec, Province of Quebec, Canada, for the purpose of this
agreement and for all related proceedings.